[♪ Theme music playing]
[lightsaber activates]
[laser cannons firing]
[whooshes]
[gasps]
[♪ Dramatic music playing]
There's no way we can shake them. [groans]
[Ethan] I know!
[grunts] The shields
can't take much more of this.
[grunts] How much longer
for that hyperdrive?
[Juro] Almost there.
We just need to hang on for a bit longer.
-[alarm beeping]
-[sighs]
That's no ordinary bandit ship.
[♪ Tense music playing]
[Anda] That's the Jedi ship.
I have no doubt.
Prepare to breach their hull.
[Unda] Understood.
[explosion]
[grunting]
[screams]
Engaging hyperdrive. now!
[gasps] Wait. no!
[Anda] Don't let them escape.
[clanks]
[Kara] No. I'm still out here!
[groans]
[♪ Serene music playing]
[straining]
[exhales]
[whines]
-[Zhima] Kara!
-Huh?
[Zhima] Keep at it. Don't give up.
-[Zhima chuckles]
-I can't do it.
Those thoughts block you. Kara.
You can do it.
You just need to believe in yourself.
If you trust. then I know
the Force will surely answer.
Okay. I'll try.
-[gasps]
-[Zhima grunting]
Kara! [groans]
Run! [groans]
[Kara] Father...
[♪ adventurous music playing]
[mechanical clicking]
[droid] What's that?
Hmm.
[whirs. beeping]
Wow!
[♪ Amusing music playing]
[♪ Pensive music playing]
[droid] It's... a girl.
[metallic footsteps]
Huh?
You're finally awake!
[screams]
-[Kara grunts]
-[groans]
[Kara panting]
Hello? Wait!
[exclaiming in fear]
[panting]
[metallic footsteps echoing]
[whimpering]
[mechanical whirring]
-[blaster fires]
-[gasps]
-[blasters firing]
[grunting]
[lightsaber activates]
[lightsaber crackling]
[lightsaber buzzing]
[droid chirping]
[panting]
-[metallic footsteps]
-Huh?
I am a service droid named Teto.
and I beg you.
please help Teto's master.
[Kara] Huh?
Hurry. Please. come this way. great Jedi.
[Kara exclaiming]
Huh? Wait a sec!
I beg you. please help Teto's master.
-Look. you need to calm down first.
-[grunts]
Okay. now tell me what happened.
Oh. Okay. Well...
Teto and Teto's master
escaped in this vessel
to get away from the war
that was taking place on Kaamui.
[♪ Somber music playing]
But. along the way. we were attacked.
and then we lost control of the ship.
And then. after that.
Teto's master got very sick.
And now. he's sleeping in the bacta tank
to slow the progression of his illness.
Kaamui?
I remember it from my history lessons.
but that war must have been
at least hundreds of years ago.
[Teto] A very long time indeed has passed.
Bandits have come to raid the ship
for materials many times.
Teto and Teto's droid friends
fought as hard as we could.
but in the end. the ship was destroyed.
and now Teto is the only one remaining.
That statue got knocked over in the fight.
And ever since then.
the area where
Master is sleeping in the bacta tank
has been completely blocked off.
Teto hasn't seen Master
since the statue toppled.
So Teto is very worried about him.
Teto can't do anything.
Just... wait and wait and wait for help.
It's okay.
I'm here to help you now.
[gasps] Thank you very much. great Jedi.
[explosion]
[Ethan] Good job. Four-Nines.
That should do it.
-Come back inside.
-[99-99 chirping]
[sighs]
We shouldn't have to worry
about being followed.
The tracking device has been destroyed.
Good. We'll return
as soon as the shields are back up.
We have to rescue Kara.
Do you think she'll be safe out there?
[Juro] Don't worry.
The Force is strong with her.
even in this moment.
If that's so.
might she be more powerful than you?
She may well be.
Even if that's true.
she has yet to learn
how to control it or herself.
That is why it is up to us
to help guide her.
So that she won't fall
into the hands of the dark side.
[sighs]
I'll be sure to finish those repairs.
[grunts]
Be strong. Kara.
You must believe in yourself.
[Kara grunting] One more push.
as hard as you can.
-Okay.
-[grunting]
Heave-ho!
[both exclaim]
[groans. gasping]
Teto. are you all right?
[Teto chirping]
Yes.
I'm sorry. I asked too much of you.
[Kara sighing]
You just need to believe in yourself.
If you trust. then I know
the Force will surely answer.
Father.
[Teto] Hmm?
[grunts]
Come on.
[rumbling]
[♪ Sweeping music playing]
Amazing!
[grunting] Please!
[grunting]
[crashes]
-Great... Jedi!
-[groans]
Teto.
now you'll be able
to see your master again.
[metallic footsteps echoing]
Oh! There you are. Master!
[♪ Mysterious music playing]
How long has Teto been waiting
for this day to come.
To finally get to see you again. Master.
Teto is so very happy.
Huh?
[Teto] Master always said that the Jedi
are the ones who will save the galaxy.
-The ones who bring hope to the galaxy.
-[rapid beeping]
Master always said so to Teto.
And it was true!
-[Kara] Teto...
-Yes?
I'm not actually a Jedi.
Huh?
What are you talking about?
You're Teto's great Jedi.
You saved Teto's master.
I'm really sorry.
but we were too late.
The life support failed many years ago.
[Teto] Oh.
Oh. no!
My name is Kara.
I'm on a journey. with my friends.
looking for my father who was taken.
Thank you. Kara.
Huh?
Thanks to you. Kara.
-Teto was able to see Teto's master again.
-[♪ gentle music playing]
Teto...
And now it is Teto's turn to help Kara.
Teto will bring you back to your friends.
no matter what.
[Kara chuckles]
[whispers] Thank you.
[Teto chirping. sighs]
-[stomach grumbling]
-[gasps]
-[groans]
-[Teto exclaims]
[Bee-Toh] Is Kara hungry?
Teto will cook for you.
-[liquid boiling]
-[metal clinking]
[♪ Serene music playing]
Mm! It is ready!
Looks delicious!
[grunting]
[chirping]
It's great!
[exclaims]
[♪ Somber music playing]
[Teto] Master used to always
compliment Teto as well.
Kara. there is one thing
Teto still does not understand.
What is it?
[Teto] Why do people need to fight wars?
[sighs]
My father used to say.
the galaxy is engulfed
in fear and anger right now.
At least that's what
I remember him saying when I was little.
He would also say.
that's why no matter what happens.
we must lend a helping hand
to anybody in need.
As long as we do that.
then we will be taking those first steps
to guide the galaxy
towards the path of good.
[Teto] Your father sounds like
a truly wonderful person.
Kara. please become a great Jedi.
Then you can bring peace to the galaxy.
Is something wrong?
I don't have what it takes.
When they came to capture my father.
I couldn't do anything except run away.
I was too weak to save him.
[Teto] Only someone who is truly strong
has the ability
to reveal their weakness to others.
This is a lesson
that Master once taught Teto.
Kara knows she is weaker right now.
but she can become strong.
And isn't understanding that
important to becoming a Jedi?
You know what? You're right.
Okay.
I am going to get stronger.
That's a promise. Teto!
[exclaims] Yes!
It looks like the ship
is currently stuck in an asteroid field.
[Teto] Exactly. It's a long way
from any civilian transport routes.
Hardly any star ships ever come by here.
[warbles]
So. there is no one
to call to for help. [sighs]
Teto has been trying to figure out
a solution to this problem.
Well. if we had a sign
that's detectable from far away.
maybe then someone will notice.
Hmm. A sign?
[rumbling]
[both gasp]
Something must have just hit the ship!
[Kara. Teto in unison] Let's go see.
[♪ Suspenseful music playing]
[Teto] Does that ship
belong to Kara's friends?
It doesn't.
But I have seen that craft before.
It attacked our ship.
[Teto gasps]
[Teto] They are bad guys?
[Anda] The scan confirms it.
Signs of life are coming from here.
[static. beeping]
[Unda] Hmm. A bounty of
100 million credits for one lone Jedi?
[Anda] Nawaam is vehement.
He is committed to exterminating the Jedi.
[Unda] He is insufferable.
But I'm not turnin' down that bounty.
[Anda] Take the Jedi alive.
Once captured.
we'll use them to lure out the others.
[subordinates] Roger.
[rapid footsteps]
[Teto] They're looking for a Jedi?
Could they be looking for you. Kara?
I recognize them.
They look like the people
who took my father.
[Teto] Huh?
Teto won't let anyone
do anything bad to Kara.
Don't worry. Teto will fight for you.
I am grateful... Teto.
[Teto chirping]
Hey! I'm right over here.
[subordinate] There she is!
[♪ Tense music playing]
[subordinate 2] Hands up!
And don't move.
[clicks]
-[blasters firing]
-[groans]
-[Teto grunts]
[Teto exclaims] We did it!
[both laughing]
[electricity crackling]
-[gasps]
-[Teto] Oh. no.
[Anda] It's pointless to resist.
Come with us.
Tell me where my father is!
[Unda] Who is she talking about?
[Anda] I think she's referring
to the man that Bee-Toh captured.
This must be his daughter.
I knew I was right.
You're the ones who kidnapped my father!
[Teto grunting]
Give him back to me!
[Unda grunts] Stay out of this.
I'll take care of her.
[Kara] Teto. stay back.
[Teto] Huh? No.
-Teto will fight too.
-[gasps]
[shouts]
-[flashes]
-[groans]
-[Teto] Kara. above you.
-[gasps]
-[grunting]
-[♪ tense music playing]
[lightsaber buzzing]
[grunting]
Oh. this is bad. Teto must help.
[Anda] We'll take her down together.
[gasps]
-[crackling]
-[Kara grunting]
[groans]
Kara! Huh?
[groaning]
[Anda] It's over.
[Teto yelling]
[crackles]
No! Teto!
[electricity crackling]
Close your eyes! [grunts]
[gasps]
-[flashes]
-[Anda and Unda groan]
[Anda] Damn it!
Where did they go?
[Unda] Let's split up and search.
Teto. you okay?
Teto is a droid. No problem.
[sighs]
But never mind that. Come with Teto.
Teto has a good idea.
[Kara panting]
Teto. where are we going?
[Teto] Just hurry!
[Teto] Help me... move this.
[both grunting]
[Kara panting]
Get inside this. Kara.
[Kara] Okay.
-[Kara yelps]
-[thud echoes]
[hatch creaking. clanks]
[gasps]
[Teto] Huh? [gasps]
This escape pod is still functional.
All it needs is my energy to work.
What're you talking about?
You can't do this.
Teto will save Kara.
no matter what it takes.
Teto! Open this hatch right now! [grunts]
[♪ Emotional music playing]
[Teto] Kara.
find your father. no matter what.
[grunting. gasps]
[whimpering]
[Teto] May the Force be with you.
Come back!
Teto.
Teto!
[grunts. gasps]
[Unda] The target may have gotten away
in an escape pod.
Search the surrounding area.
[Anda] Leave it to me.
[whirring]
[automated voice]
Self-destruct systems activated.
Please evacuate immediately. Repeat...
Master. Teto will save the great Jedi.
[automated voice] Passengers.
immediately evacuate via escape pods.
This is the final warning.
[Teto] Kara...
you will become the galaxy's ray of hope.
-Teto believes in you.
-[powers down]
[beeps]
[silence]
[whooshes]
[explosion echoes]
-[static]
-[Ethan over comms] Kara?
Kara? Kara. are you okay?
[whooshing]
[Juro] Bounty hunters who hunt Jedi.
That's right.
You fought the bounty hunters by yourself?
But how?
Teto was the one who rescued me.
Teto?
[whimpers]
[♪ Emotional music playing]
We'll talk later.
I think it's best that you get some rest.
[Kara] Yeah.
[Homen] Margrave Juro.
I know. I have no doubt it's him.
It has to be Nawaam.
And this confirms that
he knows what we're doing.
-[99-99 chirping]
-Huh?
[99-99 chirping]
[Kara sobbing]
I must trust in the Force.
I will become a great Jedi.
And I will find my father no matter what!
[music swells]
[♪ Adventurous music playing]
[music ends]